Initial code for the CBO generated using kubebuilder (#1)
openshift/cluster-baremetal-operator: README.md

# cluster-baremetal-operator

> This repository is for a new second level operator for baremetal installs. 

Reviewer: It won't be "new" for very long.

```suggestion
This repository is for a second level operator for baremetal installs. 
```

> See https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/pull/212 for details about this operator.

Reviewer: We should link to the published doc, since future PRs may update it.

```suggestion
See https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/baremetal/an-slo-for-baremetal.md for details about this operator.
```
